I was telling him that I saw him the other day
incredibly and a soccer program and
there were four guys talking about
football all the time that was not the
red something that you were the three
with Hugo hugo with him
with which they complained of ridicule but I
it seemed fantastic he gave it after I gave
I noticed that I was watching a program
football with anyone talking about football
not infrequent no no not frequent
It is not often that a story
I related and all I heard to the chicken
vignolo relate argentina slovenia of
Slovenia was treated fantastically well
in a time where nobody likes
tell then all the rapporteurs go to
less I do not want to say that they do phases
They throw the ball away they take for granted
that you do not see on television yes clear good
we see it on television the television does not
is so good that I erase with no
exactly that is in everyone
then he has to tell you that the
have most of the stories or
they do not even know if all the peeled ones are
chicho serna
but contrary to what usually
occur there are very few exceptions and brie
it's not the brightest of them is the
type that best relates at this time
on television he tells you who has it and
He tells you all the time thank you
Do not start talking to a
Weeping that accompanies you where we're going
after here
to tell me you do not know what the
favorite food of so-and-so
I care about him know you have
yes totally and tell me through your
client things that I stop telling
for 40 seconds then tell me
what are the next matches of
slovenia thing that I stop telling
for another 30 seconds because because
I do not like to relate because I do not know good
that's what the roll tells us
all the time he did not dodge the bulk of
I tell you and tell you who has it tells you
that you have it and I experienced it as one as
a revelation and not look arise as not
you see football when a time tells you
who has it instead of telling you how
Yesterday the bar partner ate